2'nd proof:

Lets zoom in at and vertex (call it starting vertex) of the graph. The starting vertex has 100 vertices. Each edge need a different color from the exercise requirements => The starting vertex also needs a another color (from the exercise requirement) => We use up 101 colors and that is the only way to color it given you assign the colors at random. 
Let suppose without loss of generality the red color is the color of the starting vertex.
Lets look at the neighbors of this vertex. By the exercise they can not have the same color as the our red vertex (or the edge connecting them) => they should have a different color.
Now lets zoom in one of the neighbors. ***If we want to use 101 colors one of its edges should be the color of our starting vertex, in this case red. This is because the neighbor vertex has a different color (let it be blue) and we are left with 100 colors to color the neighbor edges => one of them has the same color as the starting vertex color (in this case red).***
This condition should be met by all the neighbors of the staring vertex (a.k.a the other group) if we want to color with 101 colors => you will need 100 red (starting vertex color) edges. Those 100 edges can not form a matching of size 100 because the red (starting vertex color) vertex has no red (starting vertex color) edge => you can not color with 101 colors.


1'nd proof:
Lemma:
number of matching colored by that color + number of vertices colored by that color <= n (100 in this case)
|E|=n^2  |V|=2n    
n^2+2n/n = n+2
So you need at least n+2 colors to color the graph



2018 1
2018 4  Invariant
2022 5  easy grapth
2023 1  <=n^2

